[Birds chirping]
[Light saber goes bzzzzzzzz]
[Motherfucking space explosion]
[Pew Pew Pew Pew]
[Riding some motherfucking Orbaks in space]
NOTE Music Subtitles----------------
♫ The Rise of Skywalker
NOTE Subtitles----------------
Finn: Its, an instinct
Finn: A feeling
Finn: The force brought us together
Poe Dameron:  We're not alone.
Poe Dameron:  Good people will fight if we lead them
Rey:  People keep telling me they know me
Rey:  No one does
Kylo Ren:  But I do
Darth Sidious:  Long have I waited
Darth Sidious:  And now
Darth Sidious:  You're coming together
Darth Sidious:  It's your undoing
Poe Dameron:  What uuuh
Poe Dameron:  What are you doing there 3PO?
3PO:  Taking one last look sir
3PO:  At my friends
Chewbacca:  HERRNNGHHH
Luke Skywalker:  Confronting fear is the destiny of a Jedi
Luke Skywalker:  Your destiny
Luke Skywalker:  The force will be with you
Luke Skywalker:  Always